Add information for generating qhelp files locally (#6160)
github/codeql: docs/query-help-style-guide.md

If your query checks code for a CWE weakness, you should use the `@tags` element in the query file to reference the associated CWEs, as explained [here](query-metadata-style-guide.md). When you use these tags, a link to the appropriate entry from the [MITRE.org](https://cwe.mitre.org/scoring/index.html) site will automatically appear as a reference in the output HTML file.

## Validating qhelp files

> Before making a pull request you should ensure the `.qhelp` file is well-formed and can be generated without problems. For example, this can be done locally with `codeql-cli` tool. In order to do so just start the `codeql-cli` with the appropriate parameters, as seen in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before making a pull request, please ensure the `.qhelp` files are well-formed and can be generated without errors. This can be done locally with the CodeQL CLI, as shown in the following example:
```

```bash
# codeql generate query-help <path_to_your_qhelp_file> --format=<format>
# For example:
codeql generate query-help ./myCustomQuery.qhelp --format=markdown
```

> More information on how to test your `.qhelp` files can be found [within the documentation](https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/testing-query-help-files/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Please include the `.qhelp` files (and any associated code snippets) in your pull request, but do not commit the generated Markdown.

More information on how to test your `.qhelp` files can be found [within the documentation](https://codeql.github.com/docs/codeql-cli/testing-query-help-files/)
```
